# Space Rider (Harlem Globe trotters Gieger retheme)
Early solid state pinball implementation
ToDo list:
* Fix display countdown timers (can they be assigned to individual displays so they dont fight each other?) Jim - 6/12 The Blast-off timer is still not showing on displays
* Add hurry up background sound while timers are running. Jim- 6/12 Blast-off still an issue. I cannot find what is causing the wrong sound to be played, this one is strange)
* If all goals are commpleted in a game ( (S)Super spinner, (P)Pop bumper Frenzy, (A)Blast off collect, (C)Max bonus (E)5x playfield). Drop out of game, kill coils and drain. Start Wizard mode. Turn on all the shot lights, Stand-up targets, top space letters, pop bumpers, all the spinner lights, Right target, and DRop targets light. The player has to hit every shot to turn out the lights. 5 Stand-up Targets one hit each, pops one hit each, Left Spinner 5 spins each light(20 spins), Center spinners 5 spins each light (25 spins), All 4 Drop Targets, Right Stand-up Target once. Hit Right Saucer to score big jackpot (250,000) and complete the Wizard Mode. Ends on drain, completion, or time expire (1 minute?) and resets game. This needs a wizard mode background song, "Start Wizard Mode" call out, and "End Wizard Mode" call out. If any 3 goals are completed light the extra ball at Right target, has light and sound call out is already there.
* Figure out what to do with the standup targets complete. Jim - 6/12 if target bank is complete twice, light extra ball at right target and FLash the stand up targt lights for higher value.  DONE
* Something to give an extra ball. Jim - 6/12 Any 3 goals completed, and complete target bank twice(original HGT code)
* Only reset drop targets if you have to
* Skill shot SPACE letter holds on any switch hit. Jim - 6/16 Below would fix this if we asign it a state at the start of unstructured play or end of skill shot mode. I did this and it overwrites the skillshot blink, which I expected, might have to choose which is more important?
* What to do with the SPACE letters after skill shot phase? Jim - 6/16 created a space toggle that lites the SPACE letters ON/OFF and assign it to pops and slings (coil fires). If center scoop hit when lit 5000 points if scoop hit unlit 1000 points. DONE
* Hurry up music ends randomly if you start multiple modes Jim 6/18 - I've removed all hurry up and alarm sound effects to try to fugure out the blast off issue.